4-door body styles in terms of size its
main competitors are the bmw x3 and Audi
q5 but it can also be considered against
the new batch of smaller SUVs like the
Audi q3 lexus NX 200t porsche macan and
mercedes GLA class the evoke
distinguishes itself from the
competition with sharper styling inside
and out as well as a surprising amount
of off-road capabilities they vote can
tackle far more than a dirt road and is
certainly deserving of the Range Rover
badge in the bells and whistles
Department an automated parallel and
perpendicular parking system is unique
in the class the voc also lives up to
the Land Rover expectations when it
comes to interior quality materials used
are excellent the overall design is
modern and attractive as with other
vehicles in the Jaguar Land Rover line
of the infotainment system is behind the
times with slow reaction and unintuitive
operation compared to competitors a new
in control apps feature does bridge the
gap slightly by offering some smartphone
integration under the hood the Evoque
has a turbocharged two-liter 4-cylinder
engine that's good for 240 horsepower
and 250 pound feet of torque
acceleration is a little slow for the
class reaching 60 miles per hour in 7.2
seconds a new autobiography dynamic
model increases outputs 285 horsepower
but the high price may not justify these
games unlike the Audi and BMW SUV there
is no diesel model offered in the US on
the plus side it has a pretty good epa
rating of 24 miles per gallon combined
driving an unfortunate byproduct of the
evoke styling however is the compromised
rear visibility and reduce cargo space
the back seats have ample Headroom and
adequate librum but the carbon passing
maxes out at 20.3 cubic feet behind them
that falls well short of its main rivals
and about what you'd expect from the
hatchback or compact SUV the biggest
hurdle for the range will revoke is its
price the base pure trim starts around
forty one thousand dollars which is a
couple thousand dollars more than some
rivals the top of the line dynamic coupe
will set you back 61 thousand dollars
that's about 10 grand more than a
top-of-the-line bmw x3 so unless the
evokes
really grabs you and you need a lot of
off-road capabilities it's a tough pill
to swallow
you